Edits to PEM pr5409 (#5573)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/9/registering_database_server.mdx

Registering a server does two things:

  - It adds the server to the server tree in the PEM web application, allowing users to open connections from the web application to the server.
  - It binds the server to a particular agent, meaning that agent will open connections to the server to execute probes and scheduled jobs.

!!! Note Connections from the agent to the monitored server

> During agent registration, you're required to provide connection details for the agent to connect to the monitored server. As you must normally do for Postgres, you must specify the database to connect to. 

Author: ```suggestion
During agent registration, you're required to provide connection details for the agent to connect to the monitored server. As you normally do for Postgres, you must specify the database to connect to. 
```

| ----------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--pem-user`                        | Specifies the name of the PEM administrative user (must have the pem_admin role) on the PEM server to use to write the server details to the PEM database. Required.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | **Server parameters**               | These parameters are used to populate the connection properties in the PEM web application. They're used when a user connects from the PEM web application to the monitored server. They're also used for connections from the agent to the monitored server unless overridden by Agent Server Binding parameters (see the Agent-server binding parameters in this table).                                                              |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Server parameters**               | These parameters are used to populate the connection properties in the PEM web application. They're used when a user connects from the PEM web application to the monitored server. They're also used for connections from the agent to the monitored server unless overridden by Agent Server Binding parameters (see the **Agent-server binding parameters** in this table).                                                              |
```

| `--config-dir`                      | Specifies the directory path of the agent configuration file. Optional, defaults to `<pemworker path>/../etc`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Set the environment variable `PEM_SERVER_PASSWORD` to provide the password for the PEM server to allow the pemworker to connect as a PEM admin user.

Set the environment variable `PEM_MONITORED_SERVER_PASSWORD` to provide the password of the database server being registered and monitored by the PEM agent.

If you don't provide the password, a password authentication error occurs. The PEM server acknowledges that the server was registered properly.

#### Examples

This example registers a server using only the required parameters. 

> The user `admin01` is used to connect to the PEM server. The credentials supplied for the `--server-*` parameters are used to create a connection from the agent to the monitored server.

Reviewer: Same comment as other instance.

Author: ```suggestion
The user `admin01` will be used to connect to the PEM server. The credentials supplied for the `--server-*` parameters will be used to create a connection from the agent to the monitored server.
```

          --server-user prod_admin 
```

The following example specifies different parameters to used for the connection from the agent to the monitored server.
They override the fully qualified domain name provided in `--server-addr` with `localhost` instead. They also override the user to use a `local_monitor` user. 

> This might be a user who is permitted to connect only from the same host, for example.

Author: ```suggestion
This might be a user who's permitted to connect only from the same host, for example.
```

| Option&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;| Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--pem-user`    | Specifies the name of the PEM administrative user. Required.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `--server-addr` | Specifies the IP address of the server host or the fully qualified domain name. On Unix-based systems, you can leave the address field blank to use the default PostgreSQL Unix Domain Socket on the local machine. Or, you can set it to an alternatibe path containing a PostgreSQL socket. If you enter a path, the path must begin with a forward slash (/). Required. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--server-addr` | Specifies the IP address of the server host or the fully qualified domain name. On Unix-based systems, you can leave the address field blank to use the default PostgreSQL Unix Domain Socket on the local machine. Or, you can set it to an alternative path containing a PostgreSQL socket. If you enter a path, the path must begin with a forward slash (/). Required. |
```
```suggestion
| `--server-addr` | Specifies the IP address of the server host or the fully qualified domain name. On Unix-based systems, you can leave the address field blank to use the default PostgreSQL Unix Domain Socket on the local machine. Or, you can set it to an alternatibe path containing a PostgreSQL socket. If you enter a path, the path must begin with a forward slash (/). Required. |
```
